[db] rename `db.system` to `db.system.name` for metrics and update values (#1917)
open-telemetry/semantic-conventions: docs/database/mssql.md

Microsoft SQL Server client instrumentations SHOULD collect metrics according to the general
[Semantic Conventions for Database Client Metrics](database-metrics.md).

> `db.system.name` MUST be set to `"mssql"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`db.system.name` MUST be set to `"microsoft.sql_server"`.
```
